Add script to generate Supported Networks pages from safe-deployments repo as a github action (#278)
safe-global/safe-docs: supported-networks/v1.4.1.md

# v1.4.1

> This page references the addresses of all the Safe\{Core\} Protocol contracts deployed on all supported networks for v1.4.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page lists the addresses of all the Safe contracts `v1.4.1` grouped by chain.
```
